so I just wanted to make this video it's
gonna be about what's in front of you
right here
a honey oil 287 F 20 55 this is one of
the earliest Honeywell 287 s with the
stationary temperature scale and any of
you old-timers probably know what I'm
talking about anybody that is familiar
with the T 87 so we'll pull it out of
the box show you all the stuff that
comes with it because this is new old
stock so we have our instruction manual
and you can see that revision date for
71 there we go perfectly good anyway for
71 this particular version was
introduced in 1968 and what you see here
is that version but it's made I believe
because I found an ad a picture of an ad
and it appeared too well anyway let me
explain this first before I get to that
point the first one's had this head
honey well in that style of print I
can't tell you what style because I'm
not familiar but you can see the
difference this one is a little bit this
one on the left here is newer and the
one on the right there is older so they
first started out with this print on
them they were packaged differently you
can see it's got this tag on it you
might have seen in one of my earlier
videos that same tag on another older
t87 I had that was from about 1964 and
then you'll see it has the cardboard
insert instead of like on the newer ones
up
mastic insert so for demonstration
purposes we'll pull that out just slides
right out and then we're gonna go over
the differences this has a the front
here is flat
boom while compared to this one it's
it's the same style base and we'll
compare it to this newer one I have
it's got beige plastic these both have
translucent plastic and the base is a
little bit different as you can see now
this one does not have a date code on it
it's just ta g7f 2055 2jy not sure what
that indicates this one being from 1979
as you can see does have a date code but
these two here are the same style of
base and I mean there's just minor
differences they're both the same except
they have different Honeywell logos on
them and this newer one from 1998 is
just a little bit different you can see
some differences if you look closely
looks a little bit different way enough
mumbling about this so 1979 1972
probably maybe 71 because I was as I
meant to get to there's an ad from 1973
for their t 87 and it had this newer
style logo on it and then I'll also show
you this one
I haven't shown this or this is a I
didn't have this in the last video I
made this is a 287 F 1859 from 1992
can't see that yeah that's got the beige
plastic on it this one here comes with
the wall plate and all that nice stuff
this one here actually came with a gold
wall plate - I have that put away and
but this one is an older one you know
late 60s and they changed this logo to
this and then about 1980 or so they
changed the whole thermostat design to
this so that's basically a timeline if
you want to see what the t87 looked like
in the years before this was introduced
you can go back to my I'll pull it up
right here and show you which video it
is this one old Honeywell thermostats
and some other goodies I might as well
show you right now what it looks like so
it has that white background and the
temperature scale moves and the needle
stays in place whereas these temperature
scale is stationary okay any longer and
I'll just be mumbling the same thing
over again I think I covered everything
I showed you the packaging on this older
one show you the box real quick I think
you saw that at the beginning it's a bit
different than a box like that and so
there you have it it does have the low
range scale because they as you if you
look there
if you look at the difference there you
see the different the different
temperature scales
okay over and out